README.md, before:

# tumblR
tumblR is an R package which provides access to the Tumblr API. 
At the moment only the functions which look at public information are supported.
The data (json) is given back straight. 

The following functions are supported:


##### General 

  * setup_tumblr_apikey
  * setup_tumblr_oauth

#####No Authentication

  * getAvatar

#####API Key 

Note that in order to call any of these functions
setup_tumblr_apikey **must** be called first. 

  * getLikes
  * getInfo
  * getPosts
  * getTagged

#####OAuth


## Authentication

To use this library (except to get avatars) you will require a Tumblr api key. 
These can be gotten from Tumblr. In order to get an api key (consumer key) 
you:

  1. Go to the [tumblr applications page](https://www.tumblr.com/oauth/apps) (Log in may be required)
  2. Click **+ Register application**
  3. Your OAuth Consumer Key is your API Key.

## Examples

```R
source("tumblR.R")

setup_tumblr_apikey("MyAPIKey")

superBowlPosts <- getTagged("superbowl")
staffInfo <- getInfo("staff.tumblr.com")

all = getPosts("staff.tumblr.com")
posts = all$posts
corpus =  unlist(sapply(posts, function(x) x$tags))
wordcloud(corpus,colors=brewer.pal(8, "Dark2")) 
```

Commit message:

update instructions to install directly from github

README.md, after:

# tumblR
tumblR is an R package which provides access to the Tumblr API. 
At the moment only the functions which look at public information are supported.
The data (json) is given back straight. 

The following functions are supported:


##### General 

  * setup_tumblr_apikey
  * setup_tumblr_oauth

#####No Authentication

  * getAvatar

#####API Key 

Note that in order to call any of these functions
setup_tumblr_apikey **must** be called first. 

  * getLikes
  * getInfo
  * getPosts
  * getTagged

#####OAuth


## Authentication

To use this library (except to get avatars) you will require a Tumblr api key. 
These can be gotten from Tumblr. In order to get an api key (consumer key) 
you:

  1. Go to the [tumblr applications page](https://www.tumblr.com/oauth/apps) (Log in may be required)
  2. Click **+ Register application**
  3. Your OAuth Consumer Key is your API Key.

## Examples

```R
library(tumblR)

setup_tumblr_apikey("MyAPIKey")

superBowlPosts <- getTagged("superbowl")
staffInfo <- getInfo("staff.tumblr.com")

all = getPosts("staff.tumblr.com")
posts = all$posts
corpus =  unlist(sapply(posts, function(x) x$tags))
wordcloud(corpus,colors=brewer.pal(8, "Dark2")) 
```

## Installation

This package can be installed directly from Github using the devtools package. 

```r
library(devtools)

install_github("tumblR",username="klapaukh")
```
